Adding count query capability (#31)
rcsb/py-rcsbsearchapi: README.md

list(q2)
```

> ### Obtaining only Result Counts 

Reviewer: I would change the section heading to just "Counting Results"

> If only the number of queries is desired, the count function can be used. This query returns the number of experimental models associated with "hemoglobin".

Reviewer: I think you mean "number of results", not "number of queries".

```python
from rcsbsearchapi.search import TextQuery

q1 = TextQuery("hemoglobin")

> # similar to exec, return_type and return_content_type can also be specified

Reviewer: Good point, I forgot about this. In this case, I'd rephrase it as follows, and then move this section to _after_ the next section, "Return Types and Attribute Search":
```suggestion
# N.B., Just as shown above for `query()`, `return_type` and `return_content_type` can also be specified as parameters to `count()`
```

for mol in q1("mol_definition"):
    print(mol)
```

> ### Couting Results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Counting Results
```
